cafe area
- Noona!  - Yeah?
You should go home now. I'll clean this and leave.
Do you think you're the boss around here?
Don't worry about all this. Go to Ran Ju instead.
Ran Ju really loved that program.
She might have acted cool,
but she's probably very hurt right now.
I envy Miss Ran Ju.
She has a friend who cares so much for her and a cool guy like me too.
You, leave just like this. Go.
Hurry and go! So cringey, I can't take it.
Ah, seriously!
Thanks, Noona.
I'll try my best to comfort, Miss Ran Ju.
Thanks.
Go on ahead.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
It's been awhile. Let's do this.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Ah!
Ouch!
Meet me at least once. Please.
Kim Byeong Ho, you son of a bitch.
Ji Won.
Seo Ji Won. What is this? I'm a mess!
How did all of this happen?
No, you see, I was cleaning up.
So I had the coffee in one hand and the cherries in the other...
and everything flew in the air.
And I told Jun Yeong to go to Ran Ju...
I didn't have anyone to call.
I'm so scared, so scared.
Let me have a look.
- Gosh, that must hurt.  - Seo Ji Won!
Oh, so that's what happened?
My dear Ah Yeong was startled, huh?
So your 30-year-old self was sitting here crying like this.
Oh, it's okay. It's alright. I'm here.
Why are you so cute though?
- I'm so annoyed!  - Oh my, is that so?
I'm here now. Don't be annoyed anymore. Were you really startled?
The number you have dialed is switched off. You'll be connected to the voice mail and charged after the beep sound.
Episode 11: The Beginning of a Crack
You must be tired from today. Get to bed early.
I'll leave.
Do you want to stay the night?
The taxi fare will be really expensive at this hour.
It's not like you earn a lot from your part-time job.
If you don't want to stay, then don't.
Do you want to be with me that much?
That's not it.
Don't. Don't.♫ When we grow farther apart ♫
Thanks for today.♫ When memories start disappearing ♫
For letting me cry and for making sure I wasn't alone .♫ Even the breeze that passed by ♫
♫ Even the breeze that passed by ♫♫ When you forget them all ♫
♫ It's like everything is fine ♫
♫ And the hands of the clock move again ♫
♫ Even those difficult memories will fade ♫
Oh! Is it because I did some physical work after a long time?
Why am I so stiff all over?
This is compensation for your muscle aches.
What? This is all I'm getting?
Thanks for today.
You're thankful for all sorts of things.
All of a sudden I was all sad and annoyed.
It was just one of those days, you know.
Being alone feels really great,
but there are moments it gets sad and lonely too.
It's times like these when I wish I had someone by my side.
What about you? How did it go?
What?
Your scandal with that two-timer first love of yours.
How come you said it in such a funny way?
My scandal with my first love who's two-timing me?
Seeing that you're laughing, things must have turned out to be alright.
I don't know.
Things will turn out one way or the other.
I have no intention of breaking up with Oppa Seung Yu.
So if you are dating Oppa Seung Yu,
you should stop first.
I didn't know about you.
Now you know it clearly.
So stop now.
Now you know clearly, right?  Incoming call: Oppa Seung Yu
Yes, Oppa. It's okay. Okay.
That's not something you can just avoid.
You'll end up bumping into him one way or the other.
Why are you thinking about it in such a complicated way?
You take him or you get him taken from you.
It's got to be one of the two.
You're right.
Now that you've put it like that, it seems easy.
And it's difficult when that person isn't what you expected.
Now that it's actually happening,
it's really hard.
Oh my! What's this?
What should I do?
'Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming' suddenly canceled after 2 years - a drastic change in fall.
Any break-up has its own set of steps and procedures.
Please, let's at least act like humans, okay?
How can I go to work with my face like this? After having acted all cool at work yesterday.
Gosh, it's so annoying.
Hold on. Let me wash up.
I put these in the freezer yesterday.
Thanks.
Your eyes are puffed up, but why do they still look so pretty?
Wash up and come out.
How are my eyes so pretty?
Ah, so cold. So cold.
Just leave it. You don't need to do that.
Having to do these chores after coming back from work must be tiring.
So it's okay.
What are you going to do now?
So have you finally started to get curious about me?
Nope.
I have started to like you.
If you've started to like me now—
I like you, Hyeong Jun Yeong.
♫ Like a game I've never finished ♫
Ah, I'm really embarrassed. How about you come and give me a hug?
♫ Will love be clear ♫
♫ You gently approach and blow into my heart ♫
♫ You're a happy breeze ♫ I love you, Ran Ju.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
Stop now.
If you let go, then Oppa won't hold onto you.
He must have just been curious about you.
Besides, 'Like a Watercolor' is our story, isn't it?
I'm really glad that I met you again.
Do you like me?
Your gaze right now...
it confuses me.
Let's go, Ji Won.
This is nice.
I guess I like you.
This is really great, Seo Ji Won.
Seung Yu...
This.
Should I have cherished my first love as just that?
Assistant Manager Yoon.
So this story is about Oppa Seung Yu?
Let's stop here. I have someone I like.
So?
Today is going to be the last day we meet.
I can never let go of this hand.
Writer Seo Ji Won...
[Whooshhhh...]
What's this? Was this really drawn by the same person?
Why is it so different?
There's stabbing and killing in this one here, and this one's pink and cutesy all over.
Seriously, I can't figure her out.
Seung Won. Ji Yu.
Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu. Writer Seo Ji Won.
No way...
[Washenjo Lounge]
[Asia Times]
Is this what you called me for?
- What do you mean?  - Did you call me to stand guard for you as you work?
I didn't.
Then what is it? You haven't said a word for a while now.
I'm curious about something.
What is it?
A spoiler for "Like a Watercolor."
Do Seung Won and Ji Yu grow up and eventually meet each other again?
So do the two of them fall in love again?
Why are you curious about that?
I'm not sure. Why would I be curious about that out of the blue?
By chance...
Assistant Manager Lee.
By chance, have you made a mistake?
Huh? What are you...
Writer Seo wanted me to change her manager.
About "Psycho Bride"...
How about we adapt it together?
Pardon?
As I was writing the scenes, I was getting stuck at various places.
Besides, since it is your work, you would know it better.
So you're proposing that we write the script together?
Yes. I went through all your works and I realized that
your drawing is excellent indeed, but your writing is great too.
So I'd like to do it with you if you're okay with it.
But I am in the middle of publishing "Like A Watercolor."
I really want this project to turn out well.
And I need your help to do that.
Well, are we close enough to write a script together?
I don't want to interfere with your work.
But I am lacking in many ways.
Please help me out.
Oh, well, since it is indeed my work,
I'm sure no one has put as much thought into it as I have.
Then, will you help me?
Well, I think I'll give it a try.
Really? You're not kidding, right? You're really going to do it with me, right?
Yeah, for real. I'll do it.
Wow! You see, I worried a lot over whether I should ask you about this or not because I was scared.
Ah. So this is what you're like when you're asking for a favor.
The both of you seem to be really close.
That's right. We have gotten closer, haven't we?
We were discussing work right now.
But I don't think you're here because of work, Assistant Manager Lee.
It didn't look like you were discussing work with Director Cha Do Hoon.
Did I see incorrectly?
Isn't that so, Director Cha Do Hoon?
I think you're misunderstanding the situation, Assistant Manager Lee.
Director, let's continue our talk tomorrow. I'm sorry.
- It's alright. I'll call you tomorrow.  - Yes.
What was that?
I have something to say.
You know about her, right?
Lee Hye Ryeong.
How To Be Thirty
She's still young. She's just throwing a tantrum.
Is love a tantrum to you?
Ji Won, I love you.
I don't believe that.
Writer Seo Ji Won is different from me. She won't be able to accept you.
Can't you tell?
Why are you sincere with Writer Seo Ji Won?
Hey, do you really like her?
- Is it always like this?  - It's always this bitter.
It was an awkward feeling that I had never felt before.
You can go with me, Writer Seo.
Oppa!